React Native Integration - Docs (#792)
aerogear/offix: docs/datastore/react-native.md

---
id: react-native
title: React Native - using Datastore for Mobile
sidebar_label: React Native
---

> Offix Datastore provides support for `indexeddb` as default. It is necessary to override the default storage and network implementations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Offix Datastore provides support for `indexeddb` by default.
When using datastore in React Native is necessary to override the default storage and network implementations. 
```
